Hey
getting that crawler bin see here
there's a couple on top I'll zoom in so
pretty nice big worms not sure where he
thinks he's going
I'll show you say he and she yeah I'm
gonna go ahead and beat the bin and give
you an example of all what I do when I
add food okay kitchen scraps that I keep
in a Tupperware bin there's not actually
too much in here but they've been in
here for a couple of days so it's
broccoli and it really stinks but that's
okay this worms love it
alright grab my my garden fork here rake
whatever you want to call it they just
dig down trying to be gentle so I don't
squish the words and you can see them
they're all over the place
your European micros
see that there that there they can
actually stretch out and be really long
but when they're off but when they're in
their shorter form I guess you could say
they're really fat all right
there's some food here maybe I'll put it
somewhere else
I just dug up some perhaps that's okay
to to have food in different places just
slide it on mass too close together
here's a nice empty spot you still see
some worms here they're always crawling
around everywhere up actually
there's some old napkin there's some
baby worms in here that's a good sign
yeah these are really nice worms I like
the Europeans alright so basically they
just dig a hole cover it up as quick as
possible
because I mean it stinks to high heaven
and just cover it up and that's all you
have to do and it won't stink because
the soil around it you know covers up
any smell that might be coming out of
your bin and if your bed does stink that
means you either have too much food in
it or the food is on top that's pretty
much other reasons why it would stink
because they have exposed food and
that's all there is to of to feeding
your worms